Welcome back.
Now there is a big debate in the javascript community.
People that love classes and people that never want to use them never want to see this new keyword and
they just want to avoid using this keyword too much because they say it causes too much confusion and
this is just personal preference.
Highly respected programmers love classes other highly respected programmers hate classes and there's
no right or wrong here but I do want to add a note that what you see here can be accomplished with object
Doc create as we've seen in the previous videos and with object does create.
We actually have everything we need with what some would say.
None of the mess we're able to create these prototype chains without pretending like we have classes.
Some people call using object Doc create pure prototype all inheritance as in that's the pure way of
doing it instead of pretending like we're something else.
What you use is up to you.
However most of the javascript community doesn't use object to create as much as the class syntax.
So in most code bases especially the New York code bases that use object oriented programming principles
we'll use class.
But the beauty with javascript like I said is that it's multi paradigm.
It allows us to have a lot of options to code the way that we want it based on the problem at hand and
based on what type of team dynamic you have with other programmers.
So at the end of the day it's up to you.
I'll see in the next one by.